Teacher Modi, are you sure you want to eat in a place like this?
Why, does Teacher Chen Mu dislike it?
That's not true. You are the queen of heaven.
When you eat in a place like this, you don’t recognize anyone.
And if you are photographed by the paparazzi, you will wear pink stripes.
What kind of gangster clothes are these?
I've long since stopped caring. Miss Maudie,
Let me eat Teacher Modi first. Thanks.
Do you want to try my favorite word test?
Thanks. Teacher Modi,
Why are you looking at me like this? I'm embarrassed to eat it.
Who will I call teacher in the future?
Just call him Modi. Okay, so and so
Also misunderstood
Sister Ru is me
So do you have five friends?
I have no money
Okay, I'll come right away
Sorry about that
Go in first at half past two o'clock
I also put today’s Xinjiang